hey all my wisdom watchers this is Gary
Spiker reporting from Lake Harry with my
good friend Tracy Hayward we're out here
on the Big Lake we're enjoying a
beautiful late morning if you followed
the earlier video you saw we got to
spend time with Kevin O'Malley helping
him get his trailer to the trailer
fix-it place but we finally got out on
the water
and on our first pass I want to show you
what we got in the live well for you
this one doesn't want to come up either
Oh
okay well folks this is the 24-inch ER
got on a reef runner but Tracy we just
want to show you you just wanted to show
you that that fish wants to move around
a lot
now what we're doing is we've got the
Evinrude e-tec 15 running at about one
two and what I've been doing is I've got
the MinnKota I've got the kirova running
up front and I'm using this device to
steer so I don't have to move the
steering wheel it's calm enough that I
could get by doing that and so that's
the technique that we're using this
morning so just wanted to see that we
did catch a nice fish thanks for
watching and I hope to report back to
you later and Tracy you just push that
little red button